---
title: tnf11nt.co
metaDescription: The one where I install Eleventy.
date: 2023-01-01T12:00:00.000Z
author: Tony Folenta
summary: The one where I install Eleventy.
tags:
  - eleventy
  - 11ty
---
New year, new side project. This time, we're giving [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev) a shot.

A few years back, mid-pandemmy, I rebuilt my personal site using [Hugo](https://gohugo.io). In true Gemini form, this was *fun!* for about 3 months. I cobbled together some basic styles off a very simple theme, made a few blog posts (at the time, weeknotes-style), and around April 2021, completely lost interest.

Ain't that just how it goes with side projects? Well, in that spirit, this year, we're keeping it light and fun and if it's not fun, we let it go.

To kick things off: let's rebuild our personal site! Last time I did this, I spent too much time tweaking and polishing and fiddling and very little time *producing stuff*. I ended up with a handful of dull blog posts and a half-finished site design (and zero professional/portfolio content lol).

This time: nope! I'm just gonna yeet this out onto the internet and fiddle as I go. Content first, make the content box pretty later.

Step 1: this site was generated using Dan Urbanowicz's [eleventy-netlify-boilerplate](https://github.com/danurbanowicz/eleventy-netlify-boilerplate). One click to create a new project and deploy to Netlify? Sure!

*Why Eleventy? Why this starter?* Well, it seems to be the hot new thing that all the cool kids are using, and I've wanted to learn it for a bit, but every time I've tried to spin up an Eleventy site from scratch, I've been a bit overwhelmed. Having a nice well-rounded starter project fits the theme of the year: 2 blessed 2 b stressed.

Let's see what happens.